Relevant Code Files:
    .vscode/sftp.json 
        This is the sftp config that I used in vscode to auto sync my files onto the pace environment.
        I removed my password from here before submitting for security purposes
    h2o_reaction_energies.py
        This is the main python file that I used to actually calculate the reaction energies.
        To run this file, see run.sh.
    run.sh
        This is the bash script that I used to source the sparc environment and run the python script to calculate the reaction energies.
        It also redirects all the stdout and stderr from the python script to a log file.
        To run this script, ensure that it is an executable and then run the following from command line:
            ./run.sh <path to the sparc env file (defaults to ../sparc_setup/sparc_env.sh)>

Generated Files:
    h2o_reaction_energies.csv
        This is the csv file generated by the program that contains the energies of the individual molecules as well at the total reaction energy.
    h2o_reaction_energies.log
        This is the log file which all the stdout and stderr from the python script is redirected to.
    sprc-calc.inpt
        These are the inputs that I passed into the SPARC calculator.
    sprc-calc.outpt
        These are the outputs that the SPARC calculator generated.

Other Files:
    notes.txt
        This file that explains the submitted files.
    presentation_notes.txt
        The notes that I wrote for my portion of the presentation video.

Goals Achieved:
    - More practice with Linux, Python, SSH, SFTP (I have done things like this in other projects & jobs)
    - Learned about the ASE library and how to use it
    - Learned about the SPARC library and how to use it
    - Environment setup for SPARC and ASE on PACE
    - Created a python script to calculate the reaction energies of 2H20 --> 2H2 + O2
    - Setup SSHing to the pace environment as a windows terminal profile
    - Setup the local vs code environment to auto sync my files to the pace environment

Our group is individually submitting our files.